Square formation is superior to line formation.
Bash with a shield by meleeing when blocking.
No pill has ever found the invisible map boundary.
You can plant a shield on the ground for extra cover and retrieve it later.
Some gear acts as armor, repelling bullets and even melee attacks.
Pills will investigate after they, or a nearby squad member, is hit.
Different planets have different day lengths- and different suns (because why not).
Pill souls never perish, but they need prescriptions to manifest physically.
The ability to walk through walls is an ancient art known only to those most reclusive.
Vehicle damage is part-specific. Each engine can be destroyed separately for instance.
Keeping your vehicle running while it is on fire is a bad idea.
Lasers travel slower than bullets, but penetrate armor and riot shields.
Pills are more motivated to line up in formation when ordered to do so multiple times.
This game is a massive time sink.
Buildings can be built and destroyed for each city on each planet. This is overly cumbersome.
Pills war over prescriptions, which they need to respawn. They need to respawn, because they wage war.
Prescription drugs suppress symptoms which should solve all your problems.
"The main distinguishing characteristic between man and the lower animals is the desire to take pills" -Mark Twain
More important than a good diet is a good pocket with which to pay the pharmacy.
Natural compounds are "dirty drugs" because it would be too dank to research all of their benefits.
The unit mcg is not the same as mg! It is 1000 times smaller and 1000 times more likely from scam artisans.
Why research existing problems when new patentable, profitable compounds can just suppress the symptoms?
Diseases can only be solved by patented, new molecules crafted by Einstein's direct ancestors.
It is more important to test single variables for science then combine them for a better chance of living.
The hallmark of a good disease intervention is the highly vaunted FDA approval into gold-standard glory.
Vegetable oils, which come from Tim-Burton style oil-refinery-like-factories, are actually quite healthy! :)
The average American only consumes a bag of sugar every two weeks. Take sugar pills.
Aggressive diseases need more aggressive treatment so that you can make them more aggressive.
It is dangerous to inform patients because they might become more educated.
LDL cholesterol is known as "bad" cholesterol because it is a necessary part of the body.
It is very important that you go through a rigid approval process for new therapies in fatal diseases.
A complicated-looking disease must be caused by something complicated.
Generations of failure to solve a disease means it must be the disease that is making it difficult.
Driving the body further out of homeostasis will result in disease resolution after a certain point.
The best way to treat cancer is with highly oxidative, inflammatory, mutagenic, and carcinogenic agents.
PET scans reveal cancerous growths by glucose uptake, but a balanced diet is really all that matters.
Insulin resistant means you are a strong, independent being that does not need insulin!
All cancer cells have defective mitochondria, but mutations are more important even though none of them are essential.
Our ancestors were sick because they were deprived of vegetable oils that modern diet has blessed upon us.
Pills represent convenience. Isn't that all that matters?