Square formation is superior to line formation.
Bash with a shield by meleeing when blocking.
No pill has ever found the invisible world boundary.
You can plant a shield on the ground for extra cover and retrieve it later.
Some gear acts as armor, repelling bullets and melee attacks.
Pills will investigate after they, or a nearby squad member, is hit.
Different planets have different day lengths- and different suns (because why not).
Pill souls never perish, but they need prescriptions to manifest physically.
The ability to walk through walls is an ancient art known only to those most reclusive.
Vehicle damage is part-specific. Each engine can be destroyed separately for instance.
Keeping your vehicle running while it is on fire is a bad idea.
Lasers travel slower than bullets, but penetrate armor and riot shields while looking cooler.
Pills are more motivated to line up in formation when ordered to do so multiple times.
Pills war over prescriptions, which they need to respawn. They need to respawn, because they wage war.
Machetes can be thrown and caught like a boomerang.
With a machete you can keep the stab button held down to properly execute your enemies.
WD-40 is the working man's dream. It can do practically any job.
Stasis pods can be destroyed to free their victims! But it may release toxic fluids too...
This game is a massive time sink.
"The main distinguishing characteristic between man and the lower animals is the desire to take pills" -Mark Twain
Pills represent convenience. Isn't that all that matters?
City design was inspired by Atlantis, a city said to be of concentric rings alternating between land and sea.
Elevators cannot be stopped mid-transit because that was too hard to program.
Both the bridge-placing and star-connecting systems used Kruskal's minimum spanning tree algorithm!
Hell planets often have elevated cities to avoid the hot musty surface.
Swamp planets often have low-lying cities because locals like to play with the frogs.
Swamp cities were named after their colonizers, the great, ghiewih0ewgg.